# Format based on citeproc: http://blog.martinfenner.org/2013/07/30/citeproc-yaml-for-bibliographies/
---
title: A Unified Energy-Based Framework for Unsupervised Learning
abstract: We introduce a view of unsupervised learning that integrates probabilistic
  and nonprobabilistic methods for clustering, dimensionality reduction, and feature
  extraction in a unified framework. In this framework, an energy function associates
  low energies to input points that are similar to training samples, and high energies
  to unobserved points. Learning consists in minimizing the energies of training samples
  while ensuring that the energies of unobserved ones are higher. Some traditional
  methods construct the architecture so that only a small number of points can have
  low energy, while other methods explicitly ``pull up'' on the energies of unobserved
  points. In probabilistic methods the energy of unobserved points is pulled by minimizing
  the log partition function, an expensive, and sometimes intractable process. We
  explore different and more efficient methods using an energy-based approach. In
  particular, we show that a simple solution is to restrict the amount of information
  contained in codes that represent the data. We demonstrate such a method by training
  it on natural image patches and by applying to image denoising.
pdf: http://proceedings.pmlr.press/ranzato07a/ranzato07a.pdf
layout: inproceedings
id: ranzato07a
month: 0
firstpage: 371
lastpage: 379
page: 371-379
origpdf: http://jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v2/ranzato07a/ranzato07a.pdf
sections: 
author:
- given: Marc'Aurelio
  family: Ranzato
- given: Y-Lan
  family: Boureau
- given: Sumit
  family: Chopra
- given: Yann
  family: LeCun
date: 2007-03-11
publisher: PMLR
container-title: Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference on Artificial
  Intelligence and Statistics
volume: '2'
genre: inproceedings
issued:
  date-parts:
  - 2007
  - 3
  - 11
---
